# InterviewSkills-Hw2
Exercise 1 Majority Element
First, we sort the array of integers using the built-in sort function from c++ stl. Then we create four variables answer, result, test, and temp.
the answer will contain the variable that appears the most in the given array, result will store an integer that signifies how many times the answer variable appeared.
test will be an integer variable and we use this variable to store the number of appearances of each unique integer in the array and then we will compare it to see if it is less or greater than result we replace result with test and we will replace answer with temp. temp stores the current unique integer we are iterating in the for loop to get the number of appearances. Then we run this for loop and we run all the tests mentioned above on the variables. At the end, we return the answer variable. The time complexity is O( N log N ), we get this because the built in sort function for c++ uses introsort a combination of merge and heap sort algorithm, we also use another for loop to iterate through the array again but this will just increase our time complexity by O( 2N log N) therefore O( N log N).


Exercise 2 Kth largest element in an Array
First, sort the array using the built-in sort function. Then we create a variable count to store the index of the kth largest element. Then we use count to return the index of that array. The time complexity is O( N log N ) we get this from using the sort function.


Exercise 3 Maximum Gap
First, we use a edge case to return 0 if the size of the array is less than two elements since it will be impossible to have a gap with one or zero elements. Then we create 3 int variables sub, result, and gap. We use the built-in sort algorithm to sort the given array. Then we run a for loop, in this for loop we check the gap between integers and store them in the variable gap we do this by subracting sub variable which stores the previous element of the array to the current variable of the array we are iterating. We then check if gap is greater than result, if this is true we assign gap into result. We return result. The time complexity is (2N log N) = 
O( N log N), we get this because of the sort function.

Exercise 4  Remove duplicate letters
First, we create two vectors each with 26 elements, the first vector "last" will store the indexes of the appearance of each letter in the given string, second vector "vis" will store a boolean an this vector will let us know if that letter have been seen already. Then we create a variable called ans and this will store our string answer to the problem, and an integer n to store the length of the string. The first for loop is to store all the indexes of the letters that appear in the string we perform this by iterating through the string and each char is subtracted by 'a' to get the letter index we then store in that index the index that letter appears in the string. The second for loop we iterate throught the string again, this time the first if statement is to check if the index of the visited array is true, if it is we continue and our iteration. Then we run a nested while loop inside the for loop to check if the ans string is not empty and the last letter is more than the current letter and check if the index of the letter form the last vector is more than i. While all these conditions are true we changes visted index of that letter to false, then we delete it from our string using the pop_back() funtion. After exiting the nexted while loop we push the current letter of our iteration to our ans string, and change visited index of that letter to true. Finally we return ans. Time complexity worst case is O( 2n^2) = O(n^2);
